feat(useTextareaAutosize): allow configuring `styleProp` to support native `rows` attribute (#3552)
vueuse/vueuse: packages/core/useTextareaAutosize/index.md

Automatically update the height of a textarea depending on the content.

> ::: warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: info
```

> Don't forget to reset the scrollbar styles for the textarea element to avoid incorrect height values for large amounts of text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to reset the scrollbar styles for the textarea element to avoid incorrect height values for large amounts of text.
```
